and then hi and we are honored to invite
this hymn called keila menezes [Applause]
[Music] and then
mom justin honey because it is am i am me and
and there and there
good thank you hi good afternoon so i will talk about
english feed yourself and iv my name is keila menezes fernandes this i work
as a software consultant at totvs worx plus google develop expert
in web technology and now also only volunteer at campinas front-end someone
here it was at the front campinas this past year
and then it sells a lot of masses, be sure to go next year.
generation with the intention of inserting people in technology is also
writing an introductory book to engler and I am also part of the team
corsas team which is a blog writes these things about web
it's good to seek instant age is very important for how we user is going
successfully interact with applications o and this whole ecosystem of frameworks
has helped us to create applications that are more interactive helped our
productivity with developer people creating kind of
application but at the same time has brought a lot to see network in the sense that the
applications have to load many things and can be slow so question
would we go back to vanilla ds at the same time we want to use all separate
sign up or provide and also follow the evolution of the web because
to keep your application more and more updated, but how will you do it?
this without throwing away everything we did six months ago and that implies us
maybe change our perspective a little bit if you ask you that that
they image represents
hi can come then
and the other person who has it exactly because we already have our
exposure company to think they are square because it's usually
representation of what we see, but it could be easy for a cube coming
seen from another perspective hi and then what would that be
is an image of a cube and two dimensions
hello good could also be the face of a quick logical test that we don't
would have stuck in three dimensions and we would get summer tesseract
well then the idea of ​​reuse it is not new in the 60s douglas
michael spoke about the idea of ​​creating components based on architecture
in components 50 years later brad for his ideas atomic design
hi and the idea is that we can create several different component elements
in different ways attendance of the framework keys for this but I don't
I see no problem we create I think this diversity is important but
consume in a single way hi and the one that sold the web component
that you can create reusable elements encapsulated in any
that is application and if you've stopped to analyze a
element that a priori in that standard perspective that we think the
input in the browser enabling us to gift in chrome you will see that in
true the input in capsule a div hi and there but ok for what we
will use the frameworks so right the documentation site hurts there
he thinks content is just a static part and he doesn't use igor he is all
static but for some parts that need more of these images to be
more dynamic has more interactivity they go contronics webb
hi what's up she sold her me what is she me the library from the angle you
manages to encapsulate component elements to wrap in web components with the idea of
you are able to use these components in whatever the
agnostic application the framework and for this presentation I will create a
a component that represents the comment that you can like it is
very simple has a text has an author of the amount likes and the heart icon
that you can click to like that comment you came from there
just comment it works that way okay
hi and then i have no challenge on twitter yesterday i don't know if you guys have seen it but it was
participate I still think that until her but two three o'clock in the afternoon I don't think
four more hours in the afternoon which is a challenge for what size you
imagine that this would be the component there using aave aave compressed and then I
I’m going to draw two people to retweet this one you’re in my
my twitch and you will compete for this complete course of the ultimate corsa tô de
bike that has these four young creed modes
the good is how it would be so i create a component i will want a component
igor basics so i will define a template will define the styles but
for me to create this component using the library it comes from i will define the
encapsulation of it will be tea dome type so I will have my simple that
represents the text the author the amount of e-liquid likes i have an event that
will change the value of my liquid so that component is the temple
it will display the text I will have the footer part that will have quantity
lakes my heart icon i can i'm going to set an event that is going to call the
hi toboggan and how this application swallows
it is not a common application so i will define this component in my
between the component so that it does not boot and as a normal component
which is commonly done, right and not a builder, I'm going to use this create
custom it lies that it is a function of the library and then I will define the editor
so that I have distances independent of this component and shoot
zana and joke cost it is i will use define which will be the selector o the tag
html that i'm going to use to use the components and other applications and i
need to create this put this ng-bootstrap method so that this application does not
to be initialized with common application is good to build i will bring a
I liked it there and obviously only that in the command of engebuild - prod I will add
this parameter out put hard noni for here do not put the régis in the games
chilled hi and then I'll get all those
chilled young people and I will pack them using nude so I will simply
generate in my folder is elements it ended with me dejas un
hi and to facilitate isolation of this component of fever she is mind me
set on my jason feet a teske right to make the bild is elements that then I
use these two these engebuild commands counted those parameters and the
that goes to tell all this in the only javscript already has to I can do that already
have to attack for that have to still x bill after that facilitates all this
work but I'm doing it manually that later I want to play with these
files that I'm going to package hi and to use it's like using
any common element, right, that uses html so set the properties
just demonstrate here how it would be
oh ok i have ok to see well no
well then i'm going to have to go html here
good so i'm importing that javascript is that i want two
I’m going to comment and we’ll see here so I have my
component to interact with it only what time the
size 177 baskets
and I didn't like it very much so I said like this let's think about other
options is because it happens because it
need to bring all the dependencies of the going there also has a sound file
s that is to make change detection hurt there so all of this is going
in my band or generated right, we are the minimum number of young people
cript only that doesn’t have the basics to load this component so this is the
The idea of ​​having only what is necessary to determine the parts of the application is not
something new, like going there he has the issue of modules that uses strategy
on-demand loading which are the lazy-load modules then for the pef to
a route I define that certain module that has all the components
all the elements that I need to load that route will only be
loaded start that ipef hi or else the change itself that had
in relation to the service and version of the classes we use so that we don’t have
logic directly related to visualization how to do here are http
so in this service, the service had to be defined in the modules
it's just that there has to be a change part of the same as you use that decorate
a class with a good injector at sign and you allow you to do three sheik at the level of
good provaider so these are several strategies to
we will even have a presentation here in the js building that will be a rescue that
are all thinking about treaties that we can do to carry only
with the necessary to determine the application parts right
hi and then live appears in this context a new rendering engine error
generalization moto windows is a software that will do all the drawing part
texts and images in the case of the web application we will usually have to have
my l with the css styles and then you say wow but again it will change because
i know people have a lot of trauma that came from ingrid s that changed and
I will have to present all applications I will have to throw everything away
google itself uses in 600 applications the latest version of the master that
it was hurting my jaw there so once we are going to enable hiv to be the default
how the application rendering engine is the same for all applications
have to change, have to pass all the tests so he has a concern
great with compatibility and hiv but mostly what the
today we will have a lecture of the heroes he will talk about hiv but
in detail I wanted to have today this is it here you can enable hiv is a
person opt in only i'm going to do something different so this here with a
experiment that I did for two weeks that the contribution of her mind
for the new live design
hi and how would it be if we had already integrated i've with her mind that in
truth are actually are you have igor components and encapsulated by web
component would be you could have a wii ng-component that you are would put your
component would define that I showed how it is today in the element only that it still doesn't
there is this was a suggestion that the hurting team brought her in india to check this
year because it swallows you a lot so the hurting team is to share with
community the ideas they are having so that we can achieve
contribute the feedback on it so I started from the following observation
today I raised some hypotheses I did my experiments and I'm going to share
analysis of this experiments with you throughout the entire code that I will show
here is in the middle ruby ​​kit is exactly the same my name is with two elles one
project in ai heaven on
hi and this is an implementation but I don't want you to get attached to
solution but to the problem how to create how to create web applications that are more
instant
is because it doesn’t matter we just understand why we’re doing it but why
we are doing this is a disruptive approach and we are at a conference
of technology this is technology this is to be supplementary
good so to start that that i'm going to do i'm going to do everything manually
because i don't have that ng-component iv yet so i'm going to create
a class that extended html it lies with all that textual properties
tolix liquid there i need to define the two methods observe is tribute i
callback tax for each of these attributes of mine and then I'm going to use
still to stick and deprived of the live even has a ceiling there in the methods
so I'm going to import the two methods the income ceiling is component if the part of
version eight ok i'm using one there and the ones to call it component income
only and for the ceiling of tec teens these tektites and then to render this
component and I just go to the constructor
of that because this class it two-component that will cover my
language component only for child component I will not create the way with
the pattern I will import I have dynamic import so I have there awaiting
import the file path and then the component network and return an instance of
my component i define the face and says why it will be stuck on that side
component and then I define all the properties and manually call the
detectchanges in my hi component and then in that one in my file that
I'm packing, it's generating bild, I'm not going to put the priest wires because
I don't want it I prefer it in this case it has the importing sony part I don't
I need this more with live because the change detection has totally changed the
how it will be done hi and then when it opened I will see that
in addition to all those already clips that generate in the application will have a separate one that I
read here comment component cause it's taking s5 s6 the javascript and here we go
see what happens here
well then there for this one I called there I saw lazy lazy eye I saw that I have and if
import dynamic I'm just going to define a button here on this button I'm
calling this function is from there i'm going to comedy that i put in this file
javascript to do what you want to trigger will hit some
properties and will give a service on my body
and I only have a button I don't have the distance here in this component's html
and then all right here he loaded my pack loaded that javascript just has
the function that makes you learn and there’s nothing else but when I click here
it will create a web component that capsules the component me there I saw
centralized with vivi and only then did he load javascript
o and attached the component cannot dynamically right
and there it is and how can he work
so I saw why it has the concept of locality today when a compilation
is done in the language he has to analyze all the dependencies he needs to have a
global knowledge of the application as a bird concept and this is going to change and this
implies what I'm going to be able to accomplish the fragile component talking about
much easier than what is done without live and the modules in English they
historically strip was the role and very important in the context of compiling
all the elements that we use parent directives for the components of a
and then for me written a lot of things if you start using swallow for the first
time is one of the most difficult concepts and is essential because an application is equal to
characterized by being modular but with this concept of live this form of
compilation you will not need to declare I had no module that does not
I liked it, there was no mode in that application, no mode.
my component no way the molds already so until they become obsolete
hi and then how do we do that he creates aesthetic definitions each with
each component each directive each country the injected ones will all have a file
typescript with definitions with pure rendering-related functions
creating all of these elements good so it creates a syntax tree
abstract that represents that static definition updating the tone today as it is
made without live we have the html template from the html temperature that is
depending on the color heitor creates all the metadata that represents that
component and there is an atomic unit that I roll interpreter that it will
be responsible for distancing my component for updating my component
and to add it in the gift and this is the code that has in the functions that everyone
English elements pass through the rendering process that mars out
I don't see this giant suite code so all the elements down by the same
execution path depending on 15 component case directive but for example
for this application I'm only using the component, but for the one from her
had to import all this all this code
and today how is it with hiv how would be the definition of that which component this
class it has the component type the selectors that represents that
component the milk time that a function and a factor that will be will be mine
entire component statically defined in that class definition is descriptive
and then I can update the gift incrementally is an html template
to present my component but I don't have the metadata anymore I don't need
plus that regular interpreting I only have the instructions these situations
static and the situation part updates the gift
hi and then we can do it I left it here in a much more efficient way
that I let us as we already know we don’t put in our
our band functions that are not used for example but with this
concept of the ipad location we will be able to make a concept at the
dependency i will show example have for example i have here mess with the
traditional I have this class that imports two functions just told me that
you said you had in my method i invoke samsung together i'm calling the
another one will not be in my pack now imagine that I have this more grandson who
is receive as a parameter exam candle that is a boolean and then I invoke you told me
that had more I'm just going to call a chance suffocation this future value
it's like saying that our question in my application I always focus on one
meter of passing false only that this sad analysis which is static it will
add all two functions from my pack one
good so for example here let's see how the function definition would be
template for this component the simple component that has an input name
that receives a good variable so this definition of that
component would have the template function of the code blocks one to create and
treatment then it uses this function of the start mind and another one to update
because the name can be variable, I also need to run the detection of
changes and you will be able to make you put a break point and you are
actually debugging how component change detection is done
used with live only let's say i invoke this component with the name
which is a value a fixed value the sherlock cases
and how would the template function of the definition of that component only have the
block to create and the sad thing here is done at the level of
dependency it will not add the block that updates because you said no
never changes an elementary
well then we know that the band is smaller and very efficient and all that
is being possible because of these static definitions that are created
to represent these elements good and is that I love you within that
monolith interpreter we saw that side function wanted to see you for
individual instructions
it is only here that first because I showed you that I generated
javscript of that mind of 177 cabaites the second gave 125k bytes and in
truth has a reduction of thirty percent that was I thought with import
dynamic was going to be less than with tactical import was the second hypothesis I made
the more I showed you here now good and if you compare the tchan that
that separate file he tried a job but compared to 125 below until
negligible value of it so if i think you will have to carry
regardless of whether you use the new component this 125 channels it happens
because why the trench that what happens to your foot that makes the normal sheik
with dynamic import it's not as efficient
hi and then i put a static matter so i'm importing my
fan i will eat or commit component hi and then i will not use the import
dynamic I will simply call the render
and then we'll see and how it would be here so I will have here the
even though it gives html only I will not be creating fly line I will
add it right here
and here I have these two components and the size of it gives 39 heads and
this is a seventy percent reduction compared to using the
dynamic sport to render the angry component
and we will compare then how it would be from the first is a strategy to the
second and the last first thing is mind 187 end up compressing 55 the bike with the
dynamic sport option 125 cabs compressed 43 below and have a sport
dynamic 39 and compressed
15 fights 15k bytes in 15 15 couples
yes it is and here I had all that manual work to create another
component in hand call the hiv to rendered have that are of changes
obviously the hurting team already has this vision that you will be able to create
of components using it but we don't have it ready
implementation was just for us to have an idea of ​​what will be possible to be done
that would be a suggestion and it was also from india confiding that it would be having a
new of the color heitor ng she is mind and this one of the color heitor set selector
plate the probable the dependents at the level of dependence because sometimes
you use an and if and you have a door in all your at sign swallows that
all the definitions you will define the dependencies right in your component
but this is still something that is being studied if it is going to be that way
is so wanted to bring this new person you have is how to carry
applications to take more instant be more efficient
and that's it you know we have created a lot for technology science has
evolved already form sensational and so it is a step but there is no right step
don't do it wrong because all the steps will take us are part of our
journey and I will take us to what we want to build knowledge
science if you notice everything we can connect a person today
from one point in the world to another point in the world we have an image of a
black hole o and all these are just tools
we should never put the tools above our principles
above what we really want to obtain and as technologies we are these
path recorders i really like when they say i'm an engineer who
we are engineers because we build things not physically
bridges the building used but we build this journey for knowledge
thank you [Applause]
what's up